5. In windows: what is the advantage of persistence via Scheduled task?
High privilege backup session.
b. Can decide exactly when the payload run.
Not creating log when create, or start.
None of them.

6. What technique is usually used when we want to persist the web server?
Create new system account.
b. Drop a webshell.
Open bind connection port.
All of them.

7. In windows: what is the disadvantage of persistence via Scheduled task? (khong chac)
Low privilege backup session.
Can not decide exactly when the service run.
c. Creating lots of log when create, or start.
The payload must have right format for scheduled task.

8. What do we need to do when we want to create a new local account and persist via RDP? (không chắc)
a. Create a account with hidden username, and complex password.
Just create valid a account.
Create account with SeBackup privilege.
Create account in group Remote Desktop Users.

9. Which of the followings is NOT a persistence method?
Add new account with complex password.
Create reverse connection to our C2 every time the system boot up.
c. Open a random port on firewall.
Drop a webshell.

12. What do you do when you want your persistence payload run when the Windows start up? (multiple choice)
Scripting auto exploit the target when they start up.
Phishing victim to do a certain of task when they boot up the system.
c. Using windows schedule task.
d. Using windows service.

13. In windows: what is the advantage of persistence via services?
High privilege backup session.
b. Can decide exactly when the service run.
Not creating log when create, or start.
None of them

14. In windows: what is the disadvantage of persistence via services? (multiple choice) (không chắc)
Low privilege backup session.
Can not decide exactly when the service run.
c. Creating lots of log when create, or start.
d. The payload must have right format for service.

15. Which following registry keys we can abuse to trigger our payload when Windows start up? (multiple choice)
a. HKCU\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run
b. HKCU\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\RunOnce
c. HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Winlogon
d. HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Winlogon\Userinit

16. What can we do when we want to persist linux server via SSH? (multiple choice)
a. Create new ssh account.
b. Drop ssh public key.
Downgrade ssh version to vulnerable one.
Install SSH backdoor.

17. What do you do when you want your persistence payload run when the Linux start up? (multiple choice)
a. Create a crontab.
Drop payload to ".startup" folder in user's home directory.
c. Create a start up service.
None of them.

18. What can we do when we want to persist web server without using webshell? (multiple choice)
a. Create crontab to auto establish connection to our CС2.
Generate a RCE bug in web server.
c. Creating SSH account.
Phishing web server's admin.

19. Which of the following executable files can be abuse to persists via RDP without login in? (multiple choice)
cscript.exe
reg.exe
c. sethc.exe
d. utilman.exe

20. What do you need to persist a web server by using it's Mysql DB account? (multiple choice)
Just a valid account with read permission to system.
Just a valid account with write permission to system.
c. Just a valid account.
d. DB root account.
